= padrino-warden

A Padrino (http://github.com/padrino/padrino-framework) module that provides authentication for your Padrino application through Warden (http://github.com/hassox/warden).

Most of the code was adapted from sinatra_warden (http://github.com/jsmestad/sinatra_warden)

== Usage

Currently padrino-warden uses +password+ as default authentication strategy. If you wish to change that consult
Warden (http://github.com/hassox/warden).

	class SampleApp < Padrino::Application
	  configure do
	    ##
	    # Application-specific configuration options
	    #
	  end

	  register Padrino::Warden
  
 
	  class User
	    attr_reader :name
	    def initialize(name)
	      @name=name
	    end
   
	    def self.authenticate(a, b)
	      return User.new('john')
	    end
	  end
 
	  Warden::Strategies.add(:password) do
	    def valid?
	      params["email"] || params["password"]
	    end

	    def authenticate!
	      u = User.authenticate(params["email"], params["password"])
	      u.nil? ? fail!("Could not log in") : success!(u)
	    end
	  end
	
	  Warden::Manager.serialize_into_session do |user|
	    user.id
	  end

	  Warden::Manager.serialize_from_session do |id|
	    User.get(id)
	  end
	
	end

Run this to see your new routes:

	$ padrino rake routes

You can now login at
	http://localhost/sessions/login

After login you can fiddle with +current_user+ for anything you need.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Contributors

* Dotan Nahum (http://github.com/jondot)

For sinatra_warden, thanks to: Justin Smestad (http://github.com/jsmestad), Daniel Neighman (http://github.com/hassox), Shane Hanna (http://github.com/shanna)

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Dotan Nahum (jondot). See LICENSE for details.
